Adding additional DR notes (#3196)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-Exchange: Exchange/ExchangeServer/high-availability/disaster-recovery/recover-dag-member-servers.md

   Add-MailboxDatabaseCopy -Identity DB3 -MailboxServer MBX1 -ReplayLagTime 3.00:00:00 -TruncationLagTime 3.00:00:00
   ```

> [!NOTE]

> > You will need to reconfigure the Virtual Directories on the recovered server.
> > You will need to re-create any customizations you may have made.
> > You may need to perform additional recovery steps depending on your configuration.
> > See [Deploy the ASA credential to another Exchange server running CLient Access services](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/exchange/architecture/client-access/kerberos-auth-for-load-balanced-client-access?view=exchserver-2019#deploy-the-asa-credential-to-another-exchange-server-running-client-access-services)
> > Import the AD FS signing certificate. See [Step 1: Review the certificate requirements for AD FS](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/exchange/clients/outlook-on-the-web/ad-fs-claims-based-auth?view=exchserver-2019#step-1-review-the-certificate-requirements-for-ad-fs)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> You will need to reconfigure the Virtual Directories on the recovered server and re-create any customizations you might have made. You might also need to perform additional recovery steps depending on your configuration. See [Deploy the ASA credential to another Exchange server running Client Access services](/exchange/architecture/client-access/kerberos-auth-for-load-balanced-client-access?view=exchserver-2019#deploy-the-asa-credential-to-another-exchange-server-running-client-access-services)
>
> You need to import the AD FS signing certificate. See [Step 1: Review the certificate requirements for AD FS](/exchange/clients/outlook-on-the-web/ad-fs-claims-based-auth?view=exchserver-2019#step-1-review-the-certificate-requirements-for-ad-fs).
```
